gh-100348: asyncio._SelectorSocketTransport: free cyclic reference on close() (#100349)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-12-19-19-30-06.gh-issue-100348.o7IAHh.rst

> Release _SelectorSocketTransport._read_ready_cb on close() to free up cyclic reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix ref cycle in :class:`!asyncio._SelectorSocketTransport` by removing ``_read_ready_cb`` in ``close``.

```
